Update js-sdk-browser-wallet-demo with some notes (#55)
0xPolygonID/tutorials: mkdocs/docs/js-sdk/js-sdk-browser-wallet-demo.md

## Demo for Polygon ID JS SDK Browser Wallet Extension

Polygon ID has created a [sample browser wallet extension](https://github.com/0xPolygonID/extension-demo) based on our JS SDK that lets its user fetch credentials from an Issuer and generate proof for these credentials to be presented to a Verifier. 

You need to [manually install the browser wallet extension](https://github.com/0xPolygonID/extension-demo#how-deploy-project-as-chrome-extension) on your machine. This wallet works like a common crypto wallet such as MetaMask Wallet but differs in functionality. 

    !!! warning

>         Some of the content on this page needs to be revamped. Please note that the "Polygon Verify" service mentioned in the screenshots has been eliminated. The screenshots illustrate the general process of how the JS SDK wallet extension works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Some of the content on this page is still to be revamped. Please note that the "Polygon Verify" service mentioned in the screenshots has been eliminated. The screenshots illustrate the general process of how the JS SDK wallet extension works.
```
